this video is sponsored by Skillshare
[Music]
hey kids you're probably familiar with
at least a few characters who's
obsessive penny-pinching truly knows no
bounds yes from Ebenezer Scrooge to
Scrooge McDuck
nobody hoards money quite like misers
but these guys aren't the most miserly
miser is out there not by a long shot
first of all look at their top hats
their extravagant use of glasses their
luxurious chairs these things are worth
their weight and precious shekels no
true miser would waste their wealth on
such frills second of all these guys
aren't real they're fictional characters
Scrooge McDuck does not exist I don't
care what CNN says it's all liberal
conspiracy [__] I mean look at this
article by The Huffington Post you mean
to tell me that this picture isn't
photoshopped ridiculous Bena who was
real one daniel dancer of london england
born in 1716 Daniel's father died at a
young age leaving behind a large
agricultural estate for Daniel to
oversee when it was first inherited the
property brought in a few hundred pounds
a year which doesn't sound like much
today but given that a general laborer
could be expected to make around 19
pounds per year in 1710 it's safe to say
that Danzer could afford to live a
fairly lavish lifestyle off his passive
income alone but Dan was like you know
all this food and clothing and stuff is
all right but you know what I really
like owning money say how much does a
pound cost well that's a complicated
question Daniel concurrency really be
said to have intrinsic value some
economists believe TLDR please they cost
a pound Jesus that's a lot I better
start saving thus began one of the most
intentionally frugal lifestyles history
has ever seen let me walk you through a
few of dancers day-to-day habits
first of all soap don't even think about
it the closest thing to bathing that
Daniel did was during the summer months
when once or twice a week he'd wade into
the nearby pond and scrub his face with
a handful of sand say what you will but
what he lacked in deodorization he
certainly made up for an exfoliation
admittedly all of London probably
reached a high hell back then so while
Daniel smell might not have tip people
off to his eccentricity his clothes
almost certainly did
on a good day he'd be seen in one of his
coats which were homemade patchwork
abominations of various garments that
dancer found on the streets and local
dust heaps looking like a walking
dementia patient sewing circle similarly
all his shoes were either scavenged or
Frankensteined out of other pairs of
shoes he already owned with the whole
ensemble being barely held together with
haphazardly tied bands made of the hay
growing on his estate in fact a lot of
the time he ditched normal clothes
altogether and just where they hey to
his credit in his youth Daniel was known
to purchase a whole two shirts per year
as his clothing expense but one day he
looked in the mirror and said Daniel
you're bleeding funds like a stuck pig
it's time to grow up and get your act
together and cut his budget to only one
shirt per year one of the few people
that Daniel associated with regularly
was a sister whom he lived with believe
it or not she shared in a lot of Daniels
tight fisted habits and it definitely
showed she was described as quote having
more the appearance of a walking
dunghill than one of the fair sex
couldn't have said it better myself
honestly dancer prepared all of his food
for the upcoming week ahead of time
consisting of only 14 hard dumplings and
3 pounds of beef stretched out over the
entire seven-day period every day he
need only a single meal that was
basically equivalent to two wads of
dried out dough and one and a half
quarter pounder patties from McDonald's
he kept this habit up for years without
fail except for one time when he
stumbled upon a fully intact rotting
sheep carcass during his daily stroll he
was like good lord this is just obscene
who would leave a perfectly good pile of
arguably edible meat in organs just
sitting around like this so he dragged
the thing home and made him and his
sister a nice big pile of spoiled mutton
pies which they subsisted off of for
several weeks that's a real life hack
right there who needs refrigeration if
it's already rancid am i right despite
Daniels rabid fear of any unnecessary
spending he did own a dog named Bob that
he was quite fond of at this point I'm
almost certain that dancer just decided
to base his entire life off of linoleum
by no effects which is pretty incredible
considering linoleum wasn't even
invented for another hundred years
anyway though one day Daniels neighbor
came to complain about how bob had been
harassing his sheep so daniel said don't
worry boy I ain't gonna kill you but we
don't want a lawsuit on our hands do we
know we don't well we do a full lawyer
came around here huh
that's right and make his children watch
yeah so he decided to take the dog to
the local farrier which is basically a
blacksmith that specializes in
horseshoes and the like hey could you
make my dog like not have teeth anymore
uh what kind of business you think I'm
running here boy come on man you filed
down horses hooves for a living
teeth are just tiny mouth hooves that's
close sorry buddy but close only counts
in horseshoes and hand-grenades well got
me there say what's a hand-grenade none
of my sources say what happened at the
dog after his untimely nubbin
but I do know Dan never got sued so I
guess the operation was a success
Daniel's sister passed away in 1766
leaving him so distraught that he
actually went out of his way to buy
morning clothes for her funeral and by
that I mean he bought a pair of
secondhand black stockings and that's it
still that's a big deal when it comes to
the likes of dancer at this point the
only person close to a friend that
dancer had was a woman known as lady
Tempest she was so influential over him
that she was actually able to convince
him to buy get this a one shilling hat
this was quite an accomplishment as
Daniels last hat was older than half of
you at 14 years old what I'm not you
know ma'am you
of course the next time lady tempest
went to hang out with him he was still
wearing his old disgusting hat when
questioned about the one he bought he
goes oh yeah that frilly old thing sold
it for a sixpence profit super easy - I
tell you forget house flipping hat
flipping is gonna be the cool new thing
pretty soon low and behold two hundred
and fifty years later he was wrong
[Music]
Daniel died at the ripe old age of 78
which seems pretty shocking considering
the whole not using soap eating rotten
food thing but I guess his near total
isolation from other people made up for
that when it came to preventing illness
though he never ended up shelling out
any of the massive hoard of wealth that
he accumulated over this time his
efforts weren't completely in vain but
the time he passed away Daniels estate
was now pulling in about 3000 pounds in
yearly net revenue ten times the amount
earned when he first inherited it so
moral of the story parsimony has its
place while it's good to save money
don't torture yourself just for the sake
of a few bucks
next time you're pairing or significant
other insists on turning down the
thermostat or keeping the windows up to
save gas just say hey are we human or
are we dancer but you know what else is
more valuable than money knowledge
that's why you need to try Skillshare
calm Skillshare is an online learning
community with over 23,000 classes in
technology design business and more
Premium Membership gives you unlimited
access to high-quality classes on must
know topics so you can improve your
skills unlock new opportunities and do
the work you love want to learn how to
budget your life without turning into a
filthy carcass eating loner try the core
4 of personal finance you'll learn all
the money management skills that really
should be taught in school but aren't in
no time if you're looking for something
a little more ambitious it's never too
early a too late to try your hand at
entrepreneurship with some of these
classes you can turn that one genius
business idea that you and your friends
had that one night into reality during
the millions of students already
learning on Skillshare today with a
special offer just for my viewers where
you can get two months of Skillshare for
just 99 cents to sign up go to SKS h /
Sam o for again you yes you with the
eyebrows go to skl sh / Sam o for to get
two months of unlimited access to over
23,000 classes for less than a dollar
technically act now for this special
offer and start learning today until
next time i'm salmonella and thank you
for watching
[Music]